Add info on azure LB (#15998)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/performance/setup.md

    **Note**: If the `systemctl` command is not available on your system, run the following command instead: `sudo service datadog-agent restart`

> 6. [Optional] Make sure the Azure integration is installed for more visibility into Azure load balancers. This feature is currently not available in the Govcloud region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Optionally, install the Azure integration for more visibility into Azure load balancers.
```
